---
template:
title: Status update
subtitle: New year…new stuff?
date: 2020-01-18
slug: 2020-01-18
---

It's only been a two weeks since I got back to campus, and we've
_already_ got our first round of cycle tests starting this Tuesday.
Granted, I returned a week late, but...that's nuts!

We're two whole weeks into 2020; I should've been working on something
status update worthy, right? Not really, but we'll see.

## No more Cloudflare!

Yep. If you weren't aware -- pre-2020 this site was behind Cloudflare
SSL and their DNS. I have since migrated off it to
[he.net](https://he.net), thanks to highly upvoted Lobste.rs comment.
Because of this switch, I infact, learnt a ton about DNS.

Migrating to HE was very painless, but I did have to research a lot
about PTR records -- Cloudflare kinda dumbs it down. In my case, I had to
rename my DigitalOcean VPS instance to the FQDN, which then
automagically created a PTR record at DO's end.

## I dropped icyrc

The IRC client I was working on during the end of last
December--early-January? Yeah, I lost interest. Apparently writing C and
ncurses isn't very fun or stimulating.

This also means I'm back on weechat. Until I find another client that
plays well with ZNC, that is.

## KISS stuff

I now maintain two new packages in the KISS community repository -- 2bwm
and aerc! The KISS package system is stupid simple to work with. Creating
packages has never been easier.

## [icyphox.sh/friends](/friends)

Did you notice that yet? I've been curating a list of people I know IRL
and online, and linking to their online presence. This is like a webring
of sorts, and promotes inter-site traffic -- making the web more "web"
again.

If you know me, feel free to [hit me up](/about#contact) and I'll link
your site too! My apologies if I've forgotten your name.

## Patreon!

Is this big news? I dunno, but yes -- I now have a Patreon. I figured I'd
cash in on the newfound traffic my site's been getting. There won't be
any exclusive content or any tiers or whatever. Nothing will change.
Just a place for y'all to toss me some $$$ if you wish to do so. ;)

Oh, and it's at [patreon.com/icyphox](https://patreon.com/icyphox).

## Misc.

The Stormlight Archive is likely the _best_ epic I have ever read till
date. I'm still not done yet; about 500 odd pages to go as of this
writing. But wow, Brandon really does know how to build worlds and magic
systems. I cannot wait to read all about the
[cosmere](https://coppermind.net/wiki/Cosmere).

I have also been working out for the past month or so. I can see them
gainzzz. I plan to keep track of my progress, I just don't know how to
quantify it. Perhaps I'll log the number of reps × sets I do each time,
and with what weights. I can then look back to see if either the weights
have increased since, or the number of reps × sets have. If you know of
a better way to quantify progress, let me know! I'm pretty new to this.
